Since it is not our first rodeo we already can guess of what the skew is going to do and the fact this
cure is going to have again x direction and y direction as well as we can combine them both.
So I guess we're all going to do the simple one with no one.
And here I would like to get to work with transform on the right type skill.
We will get a first look at the x direction.
And here again we're gonna have to write degrees.
So if we're going to say 20 degrees this is gonna skew it this way.
You can also have the negative value and this is gonna skew the other direction with copy and paste
this and let's say that I would like to have the SKU Y or the second one.
Now obviously this is gonna be the y plane that's being skewed now last but not least you already guessed
that that we can do the both of them and let's say here we're gonna be looking for number three and
that's not what I wanted to do I didn't wanna show you the bigger screen doesn't really matter.
We can see everything here on a smaller one and let's say I'm gonna go negative 20 degrees or you know
what.
Let's do 40 degrees and let's just show you that if I'm not gonna add and no I didn't wanna delete it.
If I'm not going to add any kind of value in Y direction what happens is that this is not the only skill
the x direction.
Don't believe me.
All I can do the same thing here and now as you can see both of them are exactly the same.
However if we all gonna add the second value here with degrees this is also gonna spin in the y direction
so let's start out with 20 degrees.
And here if we take have a look then we see that this is gonna skewed both directions the y direction
as well as x direction.